Health Insurance scenario:
It has been some tough days for me.My spouse had to be hospitalized due to 
complications in a kidney disease. Doctors are saying that she will be alright 
but will need to keep her in hospital for many days Costs of her keeping her 
in such a costly hospital, I can just manage. But i understand now that illness 
can strike anyone and being healthy is very important. It really would have 
helped me if i had got some financial support. Now all the savings are getting 
depleted. If some health issues strikes my family again then i might not be 
able to bear the cost. Hoping that she gets in good health and goes to home 
early. Ofcourse she will not be able to join office as need to take rest and 
that means that another source of income dried for some time.

Car anniversary:
It will be one year next month for my car. I still remember how i had put my 
hard earned money in it.  I did get good showroom service while buying. They 
did arrange all the accessories and one year car insurance. I would highly 
recommend them for buying a car. But I still dont get it that do i need to 
buy or renew my car insurance again after one year. I am really puzzled about 
this. Anyways i will treat my car on its anniversary well. I will take it for 
full wash and then go for a family outing that weekend.

Car accident:
A difficult day for me emotionally and financially. Actually I had a deadly 
car accident. I am a prudent driver and drive slow but it had to happen then 
it happened. The car has got too many damages on it. The front bumper has got 
a big dent on it. It will need replacing. The windshield too is all broken 
which has injured my colleague who was a co passenger with me at the time of 
accident. Also the car with which I had a accident had good amount of damages. 
I still am waiting for estimates on reparing the damages of both the cars but 
I am expecting huge amount of money to be spent on them. It will certainly dent
the hole in my savings. I dont know if something would have helped me in 
recovering these damages and would have had emotional peace at this tough time